Architectural Review Reflection: Ricky, Aiden, Grace
Our main point of feedback was that we need to narrow down what we are searching for, and focus in on that. Right now our project is not concentrated enough. This leads to the question of what should we focus on? We believe that for starters, our MVP will be to look for straight lines and perfect circles because it will be most straightforward to define computationally. If we succeed in this then we will need to decide what else we want to search for.

Overall, we think the review went fairly well, we filled our time slot, got a lot of feedback, and left with more direction than we came in with. That being said, few people felt knowledgeable enough in this specific area to give us technical advice. Additionally, our project intentions were not clear enough for everyone to give us feedback on the scope of our project, we need to make more of an effort to have clear intentions. We got a lot of great suggestions on which features to look for, which was a big key question of ours. In terms of technical advice, we got the suggestion of using google maps and the USGS as sources of image data. We already have used some USGS data and will try downloading some from google maps as well. We were also suggested the techniques of FFT, JPEG compression, Gaussian-blur, eigenvectors, and edge detection. We will research these and look for implementations of them to try out on our data.

We believe that our audience needed more context than we gave them. While some seemed clear on what our project was, and were able to offer advice, others seemed confused. Part of this issue stems from the fact that we ourselves were unsure of our project at that time. Additionally, few people felt comfortable enough with our specific arena to offer much technical advice. Most of our technical questions in the survey were answered with “I don’t know” or “no idea.” Ideally, moving forward we will be able to provide our audience with some technical background for our project so that they are better equipped to provide feedback. We also hope to walk into our next review with a greater understanding of our problem.

We asked the questions we wanted answers to and in that sense followed the agenda we had set out with. Since the question “what sorts of things should be try looking for” was compelling and relatively non-technical, we ended up spending more time on it, which was good since that is one of the areas we need a lot of direction. As mentioned above, we received relatively few answers (especially in the live feedback) to our technical questions.

Next time, we could have questions that would be easier for the reviewers to answer.  Some of our questions could have been too specific for our audience. Alternatively, in future design review we are able to give the audience reading to look at ahead of time, in which case we could carefully pick readings that will give them enough context to help us. Finally, we could have come into the interview with a clearer idea of what we actually want to do for our project. This could help us develop questions that will yield more useful feedback.
